chore: updates docker install (#1993)
shopware/docs: guides/installation/setups/docker.md

In this guide, we will run PHP, Node, and all required services in Docker containers. If you just want to run the services (MySQL/OpenSearch/Redis/...) in Docker, check out the [Docker](./docker.md) guide.

## Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) or [OrbStack](https://docs.orbstack.dev/quick-start) (macOS) installed and running. OrbStack is a fast, free alternative to Docker.
- make installed on your machine (`apt install make` on Ubuntu, `brew install make` on macOS) 
- Docker Compose installed on your machine. Docker Desktop provides it automatically. If you're using OrbStack or something else, you can follow the official [Docker Compose installation guide](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).
- Enough disk and network capacity to pull images (~500MB+ per image depending on tags)

> ## Pre-pull the image (recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pre-pull the image (optional)
```

I don't think we should recommend that, docker handles that automatically there is no need for this explicit command, 

the tradeoff we are making here is either run this additional command (that is technically not required) or get two additional lines of output when you run the next command -> i would value the simplicity (in terms of # of commands i need to execute to have it running) over not having the cli output in the docker exec command

:::

<details>
<summary>🔑 Access key explained (click to expand)</summary>

During setup, you’ll see an output similar to this:

```
Access tokens:
+------------+----------------------------+
| Key | Value |
+------------+----------------------------+
| Access key | `string of capital letters` |
```

This **access key** is automatically generated for your default **Sales Channel** (usually *Storefront*). It's used for authenticating requests to the [Store API](../../resources/references/store-api-reference.md)—for example, when fetching product or category data from an external app, headless storefront, or API client.

Example usage:

```bash
curl -H "sw-access-key: YOUR_ACCESS_KEY" \
     http://localhost:8000/store-api/product
```

You can view or regenerate this key later in the Admin under Sales Channels → [Your Channel] → API Access.

💡 **Tip:** The access key is not for logging in to the Admin. It’s for programmatic access to your storefront’s data via the Store API.
</details>

If you want to stop the setup, run `make stop`. 

To start it again, use `make up`. 

If you want to remove the containers, run `make down`. This removes all containers but **keeps your data**. 

> To remove both containers *and* data, run `docker compose down -v`. You can then do a full reset.

Reviewer: `make down` is executing a docker compose down internally, so you can execute `make down` in this case as well 

and exactly how to do a full reset is missing, we should either give that information or skip that part

| Key | Value |
+------------+----------------------------+
| Access key | `string of capital letters` |
```

This **access key** is automatically generated for your default **Sales Channel** (usually *Storefront*). It's used for authenticating requests to the [Store API](../../resources/references/store-api-reference.md)—for example, when fetching product or category data from an external app, headless storefront, or API client.

Example usage:

```bash
curl -H "sw-access-key: YOUR_ACCESS_KEY" \
     http://localhost:8000/store-api/product
```

You can view or regenerate this key later in the Admin under Sales Channels → [Your Channel] → API Access.

💡 **Tip:** The access key is not for logging in to the Admin. It’s for programmatic access to your storefront’s data via the Store API.
</details>

If you want to stop the setup, run `make stop`. 

To start it again, use `make up`. 

To stop and remove all containers, run:

```bash
make down
```

This command removes all containers and associated networks.

If you also want to remove all data and volumes (for example, to perform a full reset of your environment), run:

```bash
docker compose down -v
```

> This will delete the containers, networks, and volumes, meaning all stored data will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-v` flag will delete the containers, networks, and volumes, meaning all stored data will be lost.
```

that might prevent me and others from thinking `-v` just stands for verbose output
